README.md, before:

This repository contains an application for viewing and editing text documents. Users of the application
can:

* Create new pages
* Edit any existing page
* View a list of existing content

## Your task

In `index.php`, `api.php` and `main.js` you will find TODO comments. Using about 90 minutes of your time, your task
is to work on these TODOs by writing PHP, JavaScript and code comments. *It is not reasonable to complete all the TODOs
in 90 minutes–we will judge your submission based on the TODOs that you worked on, and not the ones you didn't do.*

Please use your creativity and judgment to show us how you fix bugs, add features, document code, and refactor a
not-so-well-written codebase.

## How your response will be evaluated

What we'd like to see in your submission:

- [ ] You have refactored the codebase to improve its readability and documentation
- [ ] You've added working JavaScript/PHP for some bug fixes / feature requests in the TODOs
- [ ] You have used Git to make your changes, with [quality commit message(s)](https://www.mediawiki.org/wiki/Gerrit/Commit_message_guidelines/en)
- [ ] You've added some PHPUnit tests *or* comments/pseudocode explaining what PHPUnit/JavaScript tests you would add
 if you had more time
- [ ] You have added your own TODO/FIXME comments for performance/security/readability issues you have identified but
 don't have time to fix

### Note

You may use external libraries, but please don't use a fully-fledged framework (like Laravel or Symfony) for the
entire exercise–we would like your solution to evolve the existing code, rather than replace it.

## Usage

Download [composer](https://getcomposer.org/), then:

1. `composer install` – installs dependencies for the application
2. `composer serve` - Serves the application
   1. Web UI is available at http://localhost:8989.
   2. API is available at http://localhost:8989/api.php
   3. If you need to change the port, you can do that in `composer.json`
3. `composer seed` – Generate seed content for the application
4. `composer test` – Lint files and run tests

## Submission

Please create a ZIP file of the git repository and send back to the recruiter.

Commit message:

Revise for frontend-focused people
* Corrects the endpoint in the main.js instructions to use
?prefixsearch={search} instead of ?prefixtitle={search}

* Changes api.php to allow for case-insensitive auto-completes

* Disables process timeout in composer.json (I was having issues with the server
stopping after 300 seconds which ate up time)

* Removes jQuery and explicitly states to not use any third-party libraries.

* Adds additional TODOs to main.js

* Adds a design-spec folder with three images for how the design should look.

* Adds styles.css and adds a TODO to make the design look like the design spec

* Changes the HTML so that the base layout is easier to see and the word count
is easier to see (before the word count was hidden)

* Converts form submit button to link and adds code in main.js to enable it to work

* Converts todos to be labeled so that a specific subset can be assigned.

* Modifies README to reflect the changes above/adds accessibility as a
consideration.

README.md, after:

This repository contains an application for viewing and editing text documents. Users of the application
can:

* Create new pages
* Edit any existing page
* View a list of existing content

## Your task

In `index.php`, `App.php`, `api.php` `main.js`, and `styles.css` you will find
TODO comments. Using 90 minutes of your time, your task is to work through the
*specific subset* of TODOs that were given to you in your Greenhouse
instructions (e.g.  TODO A and B in main.js). For any TODOs that you didn't have
time to complete, please leave some comments informing us of your approach if
you had more time.

Please use your creativity and judgment to show us how you fix bugs, add
features, document code, and refactor a not-so-well-written codebase.

## How your response will be evaluated

We are most interested in seeing how you think about the specific subset of
TODOs that were given to you in your Greenhouse instructions rather than whether
you have written perfect code in a very limited amount of time. Specifically,
here are some areas we will broadly check:

* Following the instructions: Have you done what was asked by the TODOs?
* Code quality: Was the code changed to be cleaner than before and is any new code that was added clean? (e.g. Writing clear comments, logical naming, appropriate function length/scope etc. )
* Accessibility: Did you consider the accessibility implications of your changes?
* Security: Did you consider the security implications of your changes?
* Performance: Did you consider the performance implications of your changes?

We will also check that you have used Git to make your changes with [quality commit message(s)](https://www.mediawiki.org/wiki/Gerrit/Commit_message_guidelines/en).

We will *not* evaluate any TODO that was not included in your Greenhouse
instructions.

Additionally, we will use this exercise to ask related questions in the
in-person technical interview.

### Note

Please do not use any additional external libraries for this exercise.

## Usage

Download [composer](https://getcomposer.org/), then:

1. `composer install` – installs dependencies for the application
2. `composer serve` - Serves the application
   1. Web UI is available at http://localhost:8989.
   2. API is available at http://localhost:8989/api.php
   3. If you need to change the port, you can do that in `composer.json`
3. `composer seed` – Generate seed content for the application
4. `composer test` – Lint files and run tests

## Submission

Please create a ZIP file of the git repository and send back to the recruiter.
